Add new important best practice for variable loops (#1029)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-integration/use-ci/caching-ci-data/cache-intelligence.md

Modern continuous integration systems execute pipelines inside ephemeral environments that are provisioned solely for pipeline execution and are not reused from prior pipeline runs. As builds often require downloading and installing many library and software dependencies, caching these dependencies for quick retrieval at runtime can save a significant amount of time.

> There are several ways to configure caching in Harness CI: save and restore cache steps, mounting volumes, and Cache Intelligence. Mounting volumes or using save and restore cache steps requires you to manage the cache. With Cache Intelligence, Harness automatically caches and restores common dependencies. Also, you don't need to bring your own storage with Cache Intelligence, because we store the cache in our hosted environment, Harness Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure caching in Harness CI in the following ways:

- Save and restore the cache steps
- Mounting volumes
- Cache Intelligence

When you mount volumes or use save and restore cache steps, you must manage the cache. Harness automatically caches and restores common dependencies with Cache Intelligence. Additionally, Cache Intelligence does not require you to provide your storage, since the cache is stored in the Harness Cloud environment.
```

Reviewer: I am not too familiar with CI, but please see if the above suggestion looks ok :).
